hello from China Telecom
this is mafiosi today is 2013 February
27 and you know what today it's my
birthday so happy birthday to me anyway
so everybody um today out the video of
knife review of the coast to recon 1 and
it's a very good plate but before that
let's have some coffee here you go
this is from a nice kitchen and a lot of
toasty made it so everybody can have a
few seconds of coffee maybe 5 seconds
enjoy 1 2 3 4 5 ok so now the coffee is
consumed ok now let me have one mmm good
stuff ok anyway so let's get back to the
nice reviews before I start with the
review a quick note here I want to share
for all of you if you saw my video on
the Shaolin conman
the evil monk the Shaolin conman scam
crime yep you may be able to recall that
I mentioned that in the past on my
temple broken in and it's a very very
very remember case so in 2007 February
27th in the morning when I woke up I got
a call from a guy who work at the Plaza
for cleaning up stuff and stuff like
that and he called me and say oh you
know what your temple was broken in and
like the Scots is shattered like
everything is like messed up and so on
so I really remember that day and since
I get it's a knives and guns and that
stuff you know what I really want to try
to use these stuff for that guy
but anyway so now let's get back to the
nice reveal ok so it's a coast to of
recon one for a nice play by Costa very
durable and you have a g10 handle very
non-slip very non-slip and here I'll
show you some tricks to make the lock
flip a little bit less stiff open the
knife like that so that it's open
halfway and then leave it on the table
okay leave it on table or a safe place
for about three or four days or you can
still play of it but then what you've
done just keep it like that for three or
four days and afterward you will find
that your knife is much better much much
better off the lock okay now let me show
you a few deployment method the first
one it's a crap the knife like that
remember the fingers don't touch here
and then you can flick it okay flick it
like that okay very quick right just
like a just like a switch plate but it's
not okay like this again see you go like
that and then you have to come back like
this remember to grip onto the knife
very uh security yes cool
now the second one is to grab the knife
from the back like that okay and then
you flick it downward let's try again
okay like this
now the classic one the classic one is
to use the thumb stud take a look here
your thumb is here like that and
remember this index finger is here okay
and then you press the knob here all the
way like this let me try again it's
hurtful if you have a small hand but
make sure when you are just a thumb to
open it you also slide the palm slide
upward like that okay so you start from
here like that look over here
pay attention yeah sly you stick your
sly upward and then you can't quit the
knife like that and then one thing that
you may not be aware of is that you can
also close the plate with one hand then
the way to do it is remember this thing
here is a safety feature if you close
the blade up like that and you keep the
thumb here no I mean the index finger
here see it's not gonna cut you you see
this is safety feature it's not gonna
cut you okay even you press hard it's
not gonna cut you so having that in mind
you can press the lock here and then
bang this side to the table or your
clothing like that and then flip and
close see you gave open and closed with
one hand okay and then you can focus on
both this is your pants or something
like this and then like that or you
can't even drop it down like that okay
hold hold the lock okay and I'll have
the plate like that shake it a bit and
then you can check it down see otherwise
check it out and like that very cool
so aside from these features you can
also see that the the coating on the on
the plate here is starting to wear out
of use and if you actually find that you
don't like the coating that much you can
disassemble the plate by as a screwing
the screws they right here there's a
screws screws and all the screws in the
hole and screw up everything and take it
part and you can't just send plaster
play to to just the bare metal and it
looks nice too so that's one of them
more people do and I prefer my play to
be black so I like it black and yeah so
there here we go enjoy my night review
and remember to subscribe and like
bye bye